Cherrie lamparelli: Hello.
Hi.
Cherrie lamparelli: Hi.
Dawn Abriel: You are Sherry.
Cherrie lamparelli: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: I'm Dr brielle
Cherrie lamparelli: Hi, how are you
Dawn Abriel: I'm doing all right. I was just getting your chart ready
Cherrie lamparelli: Okay. Can you see me good enough with the window behind me.
Dawn Abriel: And it's a little hard. It's better if the window is facing you, with the light that's much better.
Cherrie lamparelli: Goes
Dawn Abriel: Okay, um,
Dawn Abriel: Are you doing Wi Fi or
Dawn Abriel: Data from your phone.
Cherrie lamparelli: Hello.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, hi.
Oh boy.
Dawn Abriel: Now,
Cherrie lamparelli: Now I got frozen.
Dawn Abriel: Well,
Dawn Abriel: Sure, yeah, I'm here.
Cherrie lamparelli: Hello.
Dawn Abriel: Hello.
This
Dawn Abriel: Wedding go in and
Dawn Abriel: Hello.
Dawn Abriel: Hi. Yeah. So are you using Wi Fi or data on your phone.
Cherrie lamparelli: It's both. I mean, I live in an Adobe house so I have to particularly stay in one area because there's no service anywhere.
Cherrie lamparelli: So that's why I was where I was. I'm sorry.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, well, that's okay. It's just that, you know, the only huge requirement in this program is that you'd be able to be on both video and audio for a full hour
So,
Dawn Abriel: That's, that's just we you know we call it telemedicine and if you don't have to tell apart. You're really not getting any of the medicine. It's a stupid.
Dawn Abriel: joke, but
Cherrie lamparelli: It's funny.
Dawn Abriel: Well, I'm glad you think so, what
Dawn Abriel: I say it's so much, it's like really not funny to me to hear myself repeated all the time.
Dawn Abriel: So let's start. I looked at your assessments.
Dawn Abriel: And it looked like the biggest thing was some anxiety and it's opioids that you're addicted to
Cherrie lamparelli: Uh, yeah. Well, I was. It's been a long time but I mean I had a couple fall off.
Cherrie lamparelli: The about three times. But now it's been a long time since I haven't
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so your situation is that you're you've been on Suboxone or buprenorphine for a long time.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And so your last dose was this morning.
Cherrie lamparelli: Well, a piece of it. Yeah.
Cherrie lamparelli: They were giving me to it to a day. And so I've stretched them out because I moved out here to Albuquerque from Boston, Massachusetts.
Cherrie lamparelli: So the doctor gave me enough a 45 days. But when I moved out here a covert 19 was already started. But as soon as I got here the stay at home. Water started so
Cherrie lamparelli: I applied to the insurance out here and it's just everything just took a while. So finally I found a doctor and they didn't have any openings for a while. So somebody referred me to you guys. So that's when that's how I am now to so
Cherrie lamparelli: Right. And I stretched out the last few doses. I've had by cutting them into like
Pieces.
Cherrie lamparelli: So that's
Cherrie lamparelli: Why I have anxiety.
Dawn Abriel: Ah,
Dawn Abriel: OK.
Dawn Abriel: And were you ever an IV drug user
Cherrie lamparelli: No, never.
Dawn Abriel: And you. So how old were you when you first started using any illicit drug even marijuana
Cherrie lamparelli: Never use that
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: Any note, no illicit drugs just opioids.
Cherrie lamparelli: Yes. After I had a surgery.
Cherrie lamparelli: Was about nine know about seven years ago. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So that would be
Cherrie lamparelli: 12 2012. I'm sorry. How many years that was
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Has your opioid use ever gotten in the way of relationships or work.
Cherrie lamparelli: Oh yeah, the garden and my way of relationship, which is why I looked for help.
Dawn Abriel: And is this the first program you've been in
Cherrie lamparelli: No, no, because I've been in a program how I was got to the other doctor
Great.
Dawn Abriel: So this is the second
Cherrie lamparelli: Yes. Okay.
Cherrie lamparelli: And it wasn't because I wanted to leave. The first one is because I moved out here.
Dawn Abriel: What worked for you with the first program.
Cherrie lamparelli: Um, I went well.
Cherrie lamparelli: A lot of hard work and a lot of self determination.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, so was there, group work and individual therapy.
Cherrie lamparelli: Individual therapy. It was every two weeks and then it just continued every two weeks.
Cherrie lamparelli: For the last three years, I've gone every two weeks.
Dawn Abriel: Well, you are way ahead of the game, man.
Dawn Abriel: Is sleeping issue for you.
Cherrie lamparelli: Um, I, you know, it has nothing to do with anything but my whole life that I just always had sleep issues.
Cherrie lamparelli: So that has nothing to do with with so
Dawn Abriel: It does, because if you had sleep issues before and then opioids. They mess with your sleep center. Awesome. So it's a double whammy. Yeah.
Cherrie lamparelli: Well, I've been sleeping. I mean, out here. It's been hard to sleep, just because of my allergies and the and the altitude out here is a lot. Yeah, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: How long, how long have you been here.
Cherrie lamparelli: Six weeks seven weeks.
Dawn Abriel: Week. So you're
Dawn Abriel: Almost seven. It takes 120 days.
Dawn Abriel: For your body to build up the number of red blood cells that you need to be at this altitude.
Dawn Abriel: So in a couple more weeks you'll start feeling better.
Cherrie lamparelli: I hope so. Thank you for telling me that because nobody's told me that
Cherrie lamparelli: Though I've been drinking a lot of water.
Dawn Abriel: That's important like
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, drinking water and really just not exerting yourself a whole lot because you you simply do not have enough red blood cells to carry the oxygen around to feed the muscles. So what you end up doing is creating a lot of
Dawn Abriel: waste product that's a strain on your kidneys. So you drink the water you clear out your kidneys and you want the you want your blood to be as thin as it can be to get all the red blood cells where they need to be. So you're doing the right thing and
Cherrie lamparelli: I've been excited myself, though, because I've been working a lot here. I live in my sister's house, and I'm not working because
Cherrie lamparelli: It's really hard you not to find a job right now, but my sister said I didn't have to worry about it. Just get settled in for us and wait for this covert 19 and so I live on a farm. So it's exhausting sometimes but
Cherrie lamparelli: It's, yeah. That's the first I've heard of it. So thank you. No wonder why I've been getting tired a lot, especially with the heat is coming. It's like
Cherrie lamparelli: Oh my goodness. Is it hot out
Cherrie lamparelli: Yeah, and I smoke.
Dawn Abriel: Oh yeah, well,
Dawn Abriel: Have you ever tried to quit.
Cherrie lamparelli: I have a few times.
Dawn Abriel: Well, let let us help you, we, we will do whatever we can to help you because of all the the toxins, you're putting in your body that is don't about 470,000 people a year die in this country from tobacco.
Cherrie lamparelli: Really
Dawn Abriel: How many to 70,000 every year digest. We don't think we think, oh, it's legal. I can go to the grocery store and buy it.
Dawn Abriel: If this product had come on the market it you know now, it would never be allowed. It's so toxic.
Cherrie lamparelli: Yes.
Cherrie lamparelli: I can down. I'm sorry.
Dawn Abriel: That's fine.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so, um,
Dawn Abriel: So you've never had an overdose.
Never
Dawn Abriel: And no medical problems associated
Dawn Abriel: With it, and no legal issues. Nope. Great.
Dawn Abriel: Have you ever been hospitalized for a mental illness.
Cherrie lamparelli: No.
Dawn Abriel: And what would you say your stress level is right now.
Dawn Abriel: mild, moderate, or severe
Cherrie lamparelli: Non for a little while. Little I'm just worried about, you know, I've gotten off this medication once and and as a very awful feeling so I'm just cutting back I feel great. But nervous. You know that I don't have anymore because I've been on it for three years.
Dawn Abriel: So yeah, I'm surprised that the program, you were in didn't take her you down.
Cherrie lamparelli: Stay know the next day.
Cherrie lamparelli: I they had me on three a day. I didn't like that and and so they they put me to to a day.
Cherrie lamparelli: So you know what's funny is they never asked me for my doctor's name or information throughout all the assessment and all the questions they asked me, they never asked me any of that because I figured that you guys would want to get my medical records or anything.
Dawn Abriel: Well,
Dawn Abriel: As an addiction. Dr. I will handle your addiction problem. If you end up in my group.
Dawn Abriel: But I don't do primary care. I won't handle, you know, blood pressure or thyroid or
Cherrie lamparelli: Yeah, no, it wasn't a
Cherrie lamparelli: Primary care.
Cherrie lamparelli: It was the doctor who's prescribed me the medicine.
Cherrie lamparelli: Right, it was a it was a group
Cherrie lamparelli: Doctor, like you. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Okay well and if if something should come up where I need to consult I'll have you go to the virtual clinic and sign a release of information and ROI.
Dawn Abriel: And you'll tell them that doctor's name.
Cherrie lamparelli: Just, I just thought it was curious. I figured that maybe you guys wanted to know or
Cherrie lamparelli: If they we don't usually all
Dawn Abriel: Unless there's something very unusual about the circumstances.
Cherrie lamparelli: Olga. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And what would you say your self esteem is like
Cherrie lamparelli: Oh gosh, I don't know.
Cherrie lamparelli: It's not that great.
Dawn Abriel: But you you know that you're worthwhile human being and you deserve care and
Cherrie lamparelli: Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So we'll say intact.
Cherrie lamparelli: Do you know yeah is
No.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I'm going to read a really long list of medical problems, stop me if any of them are pertaining to you.
Dawn Abriel: Any head trauma.
Dawn Abriel: Any I ear, nose and throat diseases respiratory problems. Besides your altitude.
Dawn Abriel: Challenges right now.
No Chrono as
Cherrie lamparelli: I have TMJ.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, let me put
Cherrie lamparelli: The head I broke my jaw.
Dawn Abriel: What year was that
Cherrie lamparelli: was two years ago.
Dawn Abriel: And any complications.
Cherrie lamparelli: No. Well, the I never got it fixed. So it just got worse but
Cherrie lamparelli: My insurance didn't cover it.
Dawn Abriel: So it just healed on its own.
Cherrie lamparelli: Yeah, clicks.
Cherrie lamparelli: That hurts. I can't yawn too much because then I have to get stuck open
Dawn Abriel: Weird. Ah, yeah.
Cherrie lamparelli: I'm sorry. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: It's okay, and
Dawn Abriel: No muscle joint or bone diseases, no thyroid problems or diabetes.
Dawn Abriel: Anemia cancer, HIV sexually transmitted diseases, and you've never tested positive for tuberculosis. No.
Dawn Abriel: No new skin rashes, or moles
Dawn Abriel: Don't know epilepsy seizure headaches. Migraine strokes bipolar disease depression hallucinations or delusions suicidal thoughts or attempts
Dawn Abriel: Know your liver is okay. You don't have gallbladder disease heartburn hemorrhoids hepatitis.
Dawn Abriel: Their bladder and kidneys all work normally
Dawn Abriel: And you've got
Dawn Abriel: Allergic and you're you're allergic runny nose is from the probably the chamisa that's just now coming into bloom.
Cherrie lamparelli: It is also from dogs. Yeah, there was something strange in the it's making my nose crazy, but I'm allergic to, to dog hair and and hey, and horse stance or whatever.
Dawn Abriel: And you live on a farm. Yeah, okay, you don't have
Dawn Abriel: You don't have dentures. No.
Dawn Abriel: You were born with a normal heart. You don't have a murmur, you don't have high blood pressure or blood clots. No. Okay, anything that I haven't asked you about
Cherrie lamparelli: Nope, I'm actually I have no I'm pretty healthy. Okay.
Cherrie lamparelli: Neither hysterectomy.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I'll ask you that. Just a minute.
Cherrie lamparelli: I'll hear what
Dawn Abriel: To do surgeries.
hysterectomy.
Cherrie lamparelli: Trying to find where I put my drink.
Dawn Abriel: And here was this morning.
Cherrie lamparelli: That was in 2012
Dawn Abriel: Oh what 2012 was a big year
Cherrie lamparelli: Yeah. Well, that's what it started from.
Dawn Abriel: And no complications from now. Did you have your ovaries taken out also.
Cherrie lamparelli: Well, there was a couple complications during the CERT after the surgery but not anything that was long lasting they left one over A. So I wouldn't get home, so I wouldn't have to have hormone shots.
Cherrie lamparelli: They left the better of the two. But when I had to go back to the hospital. The new doctor had said he should have taken them both out but
Dawn Abriel: So well, different opinions. Right.
Cherrie lamparelli: That's right. Well, I ended up with a blood infection. I almost died. They kept me in the hospital for like 30 days.
Cherrie lamparelli: After because they found an abscess growing and then the abscess. They've got into my bloodstream. So then they put me when I was in a room, they were giving me delighted
Cherrie lamparelli: And nobody gave me any stool softener. So I ended up vomiting bowels, which then got into my bloodstream and I was like, definitely ill, so
Cherrie lamparelli: I didn't know what was going on. And then they
Cherrie lamparelli: Want some nurse figured it out. And they gave me some IV antibiotics and stuff. And thank God.
Yeah.
Cherrie lamparelli: So,
Dawn Abriel: What an ordeal.
Cherrie lamparelli: Yeah, it was a long, it was a it was a long five weeks.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. Is your mother alive.
Cherrie lamparelli: Is that why she turned out she sold my house was in the hospital that for that.
Cherrie lamparelli: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Happy to do that.
Cherrie lamparelli: I don't know my best friend died. The week before and my she was if she she, I don't know how everything all worked out. But I was the probably the worst year so nothing could ever be as bad as that year.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, really. Does your mother have any chronic illnesses.
Cherrie lamparelli: Yeah, she's a hypochondriac.
Dawn Abriel: Gee, I don't think I have that in my list here.
Cherrie lamparelli: Well, it should be.
Dawn Abriel: hypochondriac. We don't have a lot of
Dawn Abriel: no's.
Cherrie lamparelli: My niece has cancer. She. That's why I moved out here. She's 28 she has stage three breast cancer. And it's my sister's daughter.
Cherrie lamparelli: And they started a GoFundMe page and my mother, the road underneath that same you know somebody could have at least told me, because I would have told people that was breast cancer on our family and and so she makes it about her.
Cherrie lamparelli: You know, yeah. Yes, she is.
Cherrie lamparelli: Nobody talks to her. I have three sisters and none of us talk to her.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, and is your father alive.
Now,
Dawn Abriel: How old was he when he died.
Cherrie lamparelli: A couple years ago, I don't know.
Cherrie lamparelli: I don't really know.
Dawn Abriel: Can you guess how old he was
Cherrie lamparelli: My mother's like 66
Cherrie lamparelli: So he was probably born in
Cherrie lamparelli: 40 840-950-1950 so he would have been
Cherrie lamparelli: How so, so he would have been 70 this year right so 40 so he's probably like, it's probably like 69 when he died 78
Dawn Abriel: And your first sister is alive and in good health.
Dawn Abriel: Yes. And second, sister.
Cherrie lamparelli: That's me. Oh the one below me. She, she's good.
Dawn Abriel: And do you have a third
Cherrie lamparelli: Yes, she's good.
Dawn Abriel: No one else has addiction problems.
Dawn Abriel: Nope, no alcoholism.
Cherrie lamparelli: Well that's in my family. Absolutely, yes.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, well, let's make sure we get that in there.
Cherrie lamparelli: My father died of
Dawn Abriel: Ah, OK.
Cherrie lamparelli: Blood clot because of the liver failure because he had he was drinking. They told them not to drink, and he drink that.
Cherrie lamparelli: Is a very alcoholic and my grandma, my, my mother's mother. She died of and now she's an alcoholic and she she killed herself. She um she took drinks and pills and killed herself.
Cherrie lamparelli: And 1970 I didn't even know her.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Right.
Dawn Abriel: Tell me when you first started smoking cigarettes.
I started
Dawn Abriel: And what do you smoke. Now how much
Cherrie lamparelli: About 10 to 12
Cherrie lamparelli: Or more a day. Okay.
Cherrie lamparelli: And smoke alarm in this needed
Dawn Abriel: No, you absolutely cannot and you cannot smoke in any of the meetings.
Cherrie lamparelli: Okay, that's why I asked.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, thank you.
Cherrie lamparelli: Again is like a real doctors appointment, you know, even though I'm on the phone so
Dawn Abriel: Right, and especially in group because so many people are trying to quit. It's really a trigger to watch someone else smoke.
Dawn Abriel: Right, so talk
Cherrie lamparelli: About it is hard sometimes.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, yeah. So tell me about alcohol right now.
Cherrie lamparelli: I'm with hill.
Cherrie lamparelli: I don't drink. I don't drink.
Cherrie lamparelli: I did you ever have a problem with alcohol.
Dawn Abriel: No. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I ended
Cherrie lamparelli: I would have some drinks going out with, like, my friends, or just whatever, but I don't really like the taste of it. So I decided I wanted to never drink it. So, and about seven years. I've had maybe three drinks.
Dawn Abriel: Will your brain is a happier place for it.
Cherrie lamparelli: Oh, I know.
Cherrie lamparelli: The person, though.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. Do you eat healthy meals.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: You get regular exercise.
Cherrie lamparelli: Oh gosh, just
Dawn Abriel: Do you take a baby aspirin every day.
No.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have a household smoke detector.
Dawn Abriel: Yes. And do you keep any guns in the home.
Cherrie lamparelli: No, I don't know.
Cherrie lamparelli: I don't personally
Dawn Abriel: Do you wear your seat belts.
Cherrie lamparelli: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Are you sexually active.
Know,
Dawn Abriel: You were born female and you identify as being female
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And you were born and raised where
Cherrie lamparelli: Lawrence, Massachusetts.
Dawn Abriel: Tell me about your caffeine intake.
Cherrie lamparelli: Haha. Hey,
Cherrie lamparelli: Man, you really wanted to know that I drink a lot of caffeine.
Cherrie lamparelli: I've been doing it for 30 years I've changed since the last six weeks, five weeks that I've six, seven weeks I've been out here.
Cherrie lamparelli: Because I've had to drink more water because I've had the headaches, they'll you know for the altitude and I knew that I would too. Because I used to come out here to visit my sister. But now I know I have to drink water to keep the headaches but I usually drink about
Cherrie lamparelli: A two liter of coke a day.
Dawn Abriel: Wow, okay. And
Cherrie lamparelli: Just to be more
Right.
Dawn Abriel: Caffeine acts as a diuretic caffeine pulls the water. So for every caffeine drink, you need to have two glasses of water.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Cherrie lamparelli: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah yeah makes up. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Um,
Dawn Abriel: So yeah, I personally grew up not being able to drink water. I grew up in Los Angeles, where the water came out of the tap this ugly brown color so nobody drank the water. And so, you know, I kept hearing drink more water. Drink more water and I would try and I hated it. Finally, I discovered
Dawn Abriel: carbonated water.
Cherrie lamparelli: Sparkling wine. I've tried it. I don't like it.
Dawn Abriel: And it's too bad.
Cherrie lamparelli: Well, it's very hard to be perfect. You know, I mean to stop smoking cigarettes to stop drinking the soda. I mean, I'm trying my best to do
Cherrie lamparelli: You know everything right now so sick to talk about stop drinking soda and stop smoking cigarettes and no I mean, not the alcohol. No drugs, no alcohol. I mean it's, I'm trying to just move on with life right now so you talking about all these things give me very much into it.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: It.
Dawn Abriel: It's giving you anxiety, just to hear about it because what you're hearing is that I'm telling you to stop.
Cherrie lamparelli: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: No. Is that right, I was a question.
Cherrie lamparelli: Or that know that all of its bad for you.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I can see where it would if you are hearing that I'm you know wagging my finger at you saying that's bad for you. That's I'm not telling you anything. You didn't know him. I
Cherrie lamparelli: Know, I mean, I know.
Cherrie lamparelli: I can only do one thing. I mean, I'm giant focus on
Cherrie lamparelli: It's hard to focus on 20 things at once, though, right.
Cherrie lamparelli: This has been hard.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah yeah and and I certainly am not a perfect person.
Dawn Abriel: Right, I don't
Dawn Abriel: I sorry that that is coming across that way because I am not insisting that you make these changes. I'm an educator and it just is important that I mentioned where the risks are, what, what should I do with the information is entirely up to you.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: Take a deep breath.
Dawn Abriel: And understand that we're just all in this together and
Dawn Abriel: When you decide you want to shift something up. Because you want it, not because some doctor says you need
Dawn Abriel: To let me know. And we're here to help you. Okay. I do need to keep asking you about these questions.
Dawn Abriel: Did you ever use benzodiazepines valiant Xanax
Dawn Abriel: Advantage recreationally
Cherrie lamparelli: No recreational I was prescribed them that I didn't like them. So I didn't take them anymore.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. Did you ever you'd never used math or marijuana or cocaine or create them or any of those other
Cherrie lamparelli: Than I did drugs once
Cherrie lamparelli: Was in a marriage that was very bad. And so I did use that once, twice, maybe four or five times with
Dawn Abriel: Which that which one
Cherrie lamparelli: Look, okay.
Dawn Abriel: So when was the last time you used it a
Cherrie lamparelli: Few years ago.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. How far did you go in school.
Cherrie lamparelli: And junior in college.
Dawn Abriel: What were you studying
Cherrie lamparelli: Yeah.
Cherrie lamparelli: Yeah. Um, so I've been. I've been on Adderall for years and I I stopped taking it for a while. And so I
Cherrie lamparelli: I changed my majors like three times and I just, I couldn't focus. So I, at the end of my last semester of college, I went to general studies because I just, I couldn't focus anymore. I had been off it for years. So
Cherrie lamparelli: So at the end.
Cherrie lamparelli: It was I went from criminal justice to paralegals know when I first human services to pair to criminal justice to paralegal, then I think that's when I went to General Studies before I stopped going
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And what do you like to do for fun.
Cherrie lamparelli: ride my motorcycle hang out with my family. It's about it.
Dawn Abriel: And you live with your sister.
Cherrie lamparelli: My older sister and her husband.
Dawn Abriel: And let's see. Do you want me to list a religion. No, that's okay. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And your source of support.
Cherrie lamparelli: My sister right now.
Cherrie lamparelli: I'm thankful for her.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: How old were you when you first started having periods.
Dawn Abriel: 14 and
Dawn Abriel: You had a history of
Dawn Abriel: Where they irregular periods are fibroids or what was the reason for the hysterectomy.
Cherrie lamparelli: Uterus cancer.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, you had uterine cancer.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And how many pregnancies.
Cherrie lamparelli: For
Dawn Abriel: And live births.
Three.
Dawn Abriel: And how many are living
Dawn Abriel: All right. Thank you.
Dawn Abriel: Now I'm going to read a long list of problems.
Dawn Abriel: But only say yes to the ones that are chronic that are go on all the time. Are you constipated from the buprenorphine.
Cherrie lamparelli: No. Okay. See
Dawn Abriel: Negative there. Okay, so fever, night sweats chills cold intolerance, fatigue, weight gain drinking a lot eating a lot red eyes double vision loss of vision, blurred vision, change in vision.
Dawn Abriel: difficulty hearing, hearing loss ear drainage ringing in your ears bloody nose chronic congestion. So ellipse or mouse or tongue next deafness neck pain, difficulty breathing shortness of breath.
Dawn Abriel: Chest Pain irregular heartbeat can't read lying down swelling in your ankles varicose veins diarrhea.
Dawn Abriel: Vomiting rectal pain, abdominal pain bloody urine painful urination penalized team to little changing hair skin and nail texture itchy new models.
Dawn Abriel: Muscle pain back pain tender points muscle cramps or lamb headaches vertigo lightheadedness fainting numbness, tingling weakness tremor lack of coordination difficulty speaking changing mood depression sadness interfering with function, we will put anxiety, you get one positive
Dawn Abriel: And asleep disturbance and no suicidal thoughts hopelessness delusions and easy bruising.
Dawn Abriel: No. Okay, and what prescription medicine. Do you take
Cherrie lamparelli: The Suboxone and the adder or
Dawn Abriel: Is it the Adderall X are
Cherrie lamparelli: I don't
Cherrie lamparelli: See
Cherrie lamparelli: Me D rocks 30 milligram tablets tell. I don't know what that what
Dawn Abriel: Does what does it
What
Dawn Abriel: Does it say x are after.
Cherrie lamparelli: No, okay, says combo.
Dawn Abriel: Combo
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And it's 30 milligrams and you take that
Cherrie lamparelli: I don't know if you can see it.
Dawn Abriel: Now it's just blurred.
Dawn Abriel: Take it once a day.
Cherrie lamparelli: I take it three times today.
Dawn Abriel: And
Cherrie lamparelli: I have to get up and get a tissue.
Okay.
Cherrie lamparelli: Okay, sorry.
Dawn Abriel: So you've been taking two of the eight slash to milligram
Dawn Abriel: Films.
Cherrie lamparelli: I've been taken the two films one in the morning and one in
Cherrie lamparelli: About five six o'clock at night.
Dawn Abriel: So that's, that's not the correct way to take this
Medicine.
Cherrie lamparelli: Two films under the tongue daily
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, it's supposed to be done first thing in the morning. Both films.
Dawn Abriel: You don't want to forget them. Yeah, that this medicine was made for chronic pain and end of life patients in 2000 and its
Dawn Abriel: Last between 24 and 48 hours it there's no reason to divide it up, you need to take your dose. First thing in the morning, same time of the day.
Cherrie lamparelli: Well, I take it every morning when I wake up the exact same well about six o'clock in the morning.
Dawn Abriel: So all you have to do is stay you know take both take whatever you're going to take
Dawn Abriel: One time during the
Dawn Abriel: Day. Don't take it.
Dawn Abriel: don't divide it up. You don't need you.
Cherrie lamparelli: Okay, so like see it okay and I cut them under the little piece so that I made them stretch. I think that's why I'm having issues that I've been having. But it doesn't let me put that back in there. So it says
Cherrie lamparelli: It just says desert. I don't know the cameras. It just says dissolve to under the tongue daily. It doesn't say he never told me when I never he just said, Take it in the morning and take it at night.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. Well, he, he was an educated about the medicine. That's all I can tell you
Cherrie lamparelli: Okay, I'm not gonna argue, I'm just as funny that
Cherrie lamparelli: You're the first person to say that
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, it's, it's, I don't, I don't understand why it's common it. I would say 80% of new patients that I get from other doctors
Cherrie lamparelli: They don't know that so
Dawn Abriel: It's, I can't explain it, but it's
Dawn Abriel: Just a matter of they didn't get educated about the medicine.
Cherrie lamparelli: Because
In sometimes
Dawn Abriel: In some countries, they give this medicine. Every third day it last. Yeah, yeah. You won't you won't go into full withdrawal until you've been off the medicine, three, four days.
Cherrie lamparelli: Really yeah I think my anxiety overwhelms me with the thought of it. I had a friend.
Dawn Abriel: You're very powerful.
Cherrie lamparelli: Isn't it is awful. Sometimes
Cherrie lamparelli: As my other friend that was on it and she she got GW I went and she got incarcerated and when she got out. She told me how she
Cherrie lamparelli: You know they don't give you them in there. So she withdrew and she's like, I was the worst thing that she'd ever gone through in her life. And so her story scared the crap out of me.
Dawn Abriel: Yep. So how many days. Have you been decreasing your dose.
Cherrie lamparelli: For so
Cherrie lamparelli: Let's see the 20th
Cherrie lamparelli: The, the week before the 20th. The week a couple days before the 20th of April.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Oh my goodness.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, yeah, this is the thing.
Dawn Abriel: You you have now.
Dawn Abriel: down regulated, you don't have as many receptors as you did before so I'm not going to give you 16 I'm really thinking that 12 milligrams is going to be enough for you.
Cherrie lamparelli: That's fine. I wouldn't, I would love my life without these
Cherrie lamparelli: To be honest, and
Dawn Abriel: Then let's do it. Look.
Dawn Abriel: Okay i i taper everyone down to a safe medical dose, which is one one milligram, but very, very slowly, very slowly. I don't do it quickly, but you can go to 12 milligrams now because you've done it to yourself.
Cherrie lamparelli: Yeah yeah
Cherrie lamparelli: Okay, so I'm, I'm happy because you know you're the first time that I've heard any doctor anybody say that they wanted to do that. And I honestly think the doctors at home.
Cherrie lamparelli: Are just legal drug dealers. You know what I mean, because they can, they never talked about getting you off of it or whatever, you know, to get you off this medication.
Cherrie lamparelli: And I'm like what. So when will I be ready to get off of it because I've been on it for for for three almost three years and I've only fell off the wagon three or four times. And I'm very honest. I can't lie because I talk too much, but
Cherrie lamparelli: I was very honest about it but you take a drug test every, every two weeks to so
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, so yes.
Dawn Abriel: I hear your concern that you, you want to come off and
Cherrie lamparelli: This eventually
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, the study showed that when people have been in therapy and they feel really comfortable and confident that
Dawn Abriel: An emotional issue isn't going to trigger them into using that's when you know you can come off. Now I would like I make, I strongly encourage I don't make people but I strongly encourage them to get down to a really safe dose because
Dawn Abriel: If you need to have pain relief at 16 milligrams. Yeah, getting getting like one more strip will barely, barely do anything, getting two strips more will barely do anything for the pain relief, but if you're at one milligram, and you get one milligram more. It's a huge increase in pain relief.
Cherrie lamparelli: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Go to one to two, it's, it's good pain relief. If you go to 16 to 24 there's hardly any. It's just the way the drug binds to the cell. The receptors. There just aren't any receptors left to be made to add for pain relief.
Cherrie lamparelli: So, so the pain that I have these actually help with it.
Dawn Abriel: Well, listen narcotic you're taking a long acting narcotic.
Cherrie lamparelli: I don't know that.
Oh my goodness.
Dawn Abriel: buprenorphine is a long acting narcotic.
Dawn Abriel: Really, that's why.
Cherrie lamparelli: I gotta watch
Dawn Abriel: Withdrawal
Cherrie lamparelli: I thought it was a nerve block or a blocker.
Cherrie lamparelli: That's all I knew
Dawn Abriel: It does block some receptors that cause pain. So yes, you're taking a long narrow the narcotic.
Cherrie lamparelli: Because like the morning I wake up in my fingers in my, in my my my joints are just swirling in the morning from sleeping. But it goes away after like an hour waking up, but they always hurt.
Cherrie lamparelli: And so, but now I take motoring to get rid of the pain or just to help me, you know, with the with the whole
Cherrie lamparelli: Thing.
But write
Cherrie lamparelli: It for inflammation. That's the word
Dawn Abriel: Right, yeah. And
Dawn Abriel: The. It really is.
Dawn Abriel: Now this is not a criticism don't hear criticism. Okay, just hear information.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Inflammation is caused from too much glucose, too much sugar. I
Cherrie lamparelli: Figured I knew I had a feeling that I knew that because it's funny when I drink coffee with some sugar in it.
Cherrie lamparelli: The day before, it seems like my hands and my feet are worse the next day. And if I don't, my hands on as bad if I don't drink the sugar, the day before.
Cherrie lamparelli: Yeah, I know.
Cherrie lamparelli: Me because I drink Coke all day but I
Cherrie lamparelli: can drink a coffee and make my hands worse the next day.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, well, it's probably the combination
Dawn Abriel: One one like eight ounce coke.
Dawn Abriel: Has a teen grams of sugar in it.
Cherrie lamparelli: Thank God I don't know a grand
Dawn Abriel: Here's a cup.
Dawn Abriel: Then it would be about this much sugar.
Cherrie lamparelli: Oh, that's a lot of sugar.
Dawn Abriel: But it's, it's all dissolved. So you don't you don't know it, you don't
Dawn Abriel: I, I, I am a sugar addict. I, I will take it. I, it took many, many, many, many years to find things that I could substitute
Dawn Abriel: But just we know if I want to soothe myself I try my meditation I try lots of things and it but sugar is instance sugar just or the sweet. So now I do monk fruit.
Cherrie lamparelli: That's a monk, for never heard of it.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, it's a, I do not taste an aftertaste.
Dawn Abriel: It's a from a fruit that's from the tropics and
Dawn Abriel: It doesn't have it doesn't cause the glucose to be increased and it looks just like they make it so it looks just like sugar and I buy I buy unsweetened things and then I put the monk fruit in it.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Cherrie lamparelli: I've been trying really hard to to replace like when I go to drink a Coke to drink something I was like I drink of water with some crystal. I put some Crystal Light iced tea makes sense.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Cherrie lamparelli: Yeah, I'm trying
Dawn Abriel: But you are. I can hear that and and and I commend you. I it's not easy. And we know we have these conditioned responses for
Dawn Abriel: What
Dawn Abriel: What soothes us what feels right. What seems good. And there's that just takes retraining and
Dawn Abriel: A lot of retraining.
Dawn Abriel: Just, just how it is. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Let me talk. Just very briefly about the group you're going to be in the group. Are you a morning person.
Cherrie lamparelli: I'm kind of but I'm so busy in the morning with feeding all the animals.
Dawn Abriel: Ah, so a seven o'clock group on Tuesday morning. Would that not be
Cherrie lamparelli: Yeah, that's gonna that would be real hard. That's when it's the busiest
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Cherrie lamparelli: It's like crazy around here at that time.
Dawn Abriel: Right. And how about a a noon or
Dawn Abriel: Let's see.
Cherrie lamparelli: Anytime after that is I guess it's fine.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: How about
Dawn Abriel: How about Tuesday at 12
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So that's so this is Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, so I'm going to give you three days worth of medicine and
Dawn Abriel: That was let
Dawn Abriel: Me how many subs. Do you have left.
Cherrie lamparelli: I only have that piece that I was gonna
Cherrie lamparelli: I was waiting to talk to you. I haven't taken it.
Cherrie lamparelli: Yet this morning because
Cherrie lamparelli: gladly take it.
Cherrie lamparelli: Okay, because the lady I talked to talk to you yesterday, she said. She goes, Well, if the meeting goes well then should prescribe you some. I said, What is so I might not have a chance of getting any and so I've been freaking out since yesterday and I haven't really
Dawn Abriel: I have to talk to them. I always give peace people medicine, always, always
Cherrie lamparelli: Well, she said she, it would depend on how the meeting went
Cherrie lamparelli: So I haven't taken it yet because I've been trying to hold out
Dawn Abriel: Oh goodness gracious.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I will. I will tell her to reassure people. So you're going to take one and a half strips now.
Cherrie lamparelli: Okay, well, we're going to take this piece right now.
Dawn Abriel: Go ahead and you'll know if one and a half is too much, you'll get sleepy.
Dawn Abriel: You'll just and then you'll back it down to one and see how you do. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So I'm going to go ahead and just finished this part.
Cherrie lamparelli: Hate the taste of it never liked it.
Dawn Abriel: Now, nobody ever does
Dawn Abriel: Did you know that it's very, very important that you not smoke 20 to 30 minutes before you take your sub
Cherrie lamparelli: Before
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, because you know you're trying to absorb it, there's a
Dawn Abriel: A web of blood vessels under your tongue.
Dawn Abriel: And all smoking nicotine, whether you vapor or E cigarette or smoke or chew it contains nicotine and nicotine clamps down your blood vessels.
Dawn Abriel: So you if you clamp down your blood vessels under your tongue, you're not being able to absorb the medicine.
Dawn Abriel: So you want to make sure you get up in the morning, you know, take your sub let your let it absorb
Dawn Abriel: Before you smoke.
Dawn Abriel: Are you allergic to any medicines.
Cody.
Dawn Abriel: What happens
Cherrie lamparelli: As an allergic reaction and morphine.
Dawn Abriel: So psychotic reaction to morphine.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: doesn't let me do
Dawn Abriel: Just, just coding. That's weird.
Dawn Abriel: Just want. There it is.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: So tell me what happens. Tell me what what happens to your body.
Cherrie lamparelli: I just had an allergic reaction. I haven't had in a long time. So it just some, I know that I got the hives.
Cherrie lamparelli: Like a highs and redness.
Okay.
Cherrie lamparelli: Trying to talk with us and my mouse it that tastes just went all over the mouse. I'm sorry.
Dawn Abriel: I usually don't talk with it in my mouth.
Dawn Abriel: Right.
Dawn Abriel: And so just coding and morphing
Cherrie lamparelli: Correct. All right.
Dawn Abriel: The next thing I need to ask you is
Dawn Abriel: It is something
Dawn Abriel: For rolling out dementia. You know where you are, what time it is, you bathe yourself dress yourself feed yourself. Go to the bathroom by yourself, you can focus your attention. You can read your memory is appropriate to your age.
Dawn Abriel: Yes, right.
Dawn Abriel: Now I want you to get your pulse.
Dawn Abriel: And so you can do it. You've got a muscle that runs down the side of your neck right in front of that muscle in front of it.
Dawn Abriel: And you have to push lightly.
Dawn Abriel: kind of push in, got it. Okay, I'll tell you when to start counting hold on now.
Dawn Abriel: Stop number
Eight.
Dawn Abriel: What's your height.
Cherrie lamparelli: Five. Six.
Dawn Abriel: And current wait
Cherrie lamparelli: 60
Dawn Abriel: Now I want you to get really close to the camera and pull your eyelid down so I can see
Dawn Abriel: Great, okay. Let go pull back look all the way to the right, all the way to the left, all the way up and all the way down. Read that have either side of you knows
Dawn Abriel: Stick you open your mouth really wide Stick your tongue out at me.
Oh,
Cherrie lamparelli: Right.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, move outside decide
Dawn Abriel: Good.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: When you, when you bite down any job pain when you just close your mouth. No. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And can I see you swallow.
Dawn Abriel: Good. Can I see
Dawn Abriel: Your ear to your shoulder both sides.
Dawn Abriel: And chin. The shoulder both sides.
Dawn Abriel: And head back head forward.
Dawn Abriel: Take as big a breath as you can.
Dawn Abriel: Good.
Dawn Abriel: And I want to
Dawn Abriel: See you push on your belly upper right upper left lower right lower left.
Cherrie lamparelli: Dr. To show you. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Good. Okay. No pain or discomfort when you do that.
Cherrie lamparelli: Not all right.
Dawn Abriel: And bring the camera down and let me see your ankles. There's no
Dawn Abriel: Okay, that's good. All right, great.
Dawn Abriel: And how many shoes.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have
Cherrie lamparelli: Oh god, I don't know. I'm covered
Dawn Abriel: And they were all done professionally.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And you're gonna have to prop the camera up for just a second.
Cherrie lamparelli: Okay prop it up.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: I want to see you pull against your fingers.
Dawn Abriel: No pain when you do that.
Cherrie lamparelli: No, my hand.
Cherrie lamparelli: Intel and but
Dawn Abriel: Cap against your thumb with your fingers. Good. Perfect. Okay, okay, you can relax. So
Dawn Abriel: We've already decided that Tuesday.
Dawn Abriel: At 12 okay
Cherrie lamparelli: Trying to find my pen.
Cherrie lamparelli: I can do it afterwards. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, you go ahead and find it because you're going to need it.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Your last name is pronounced lamb Perrelli
Correct.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so your group is
Dawn Abriel: 12 o'clock on Tuesdays.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, which means around 1130
Dawn Abriel: You need to go to the virtual clinic, like you did to check in to see me.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: See, hold on. Second,
Dawn Abriel: And
Cherrie lamparelli: My pen I was sitting on it.
Cherrie lamparelli: I had to use another one that had no okay
Dawn Abriel: So Tuesday at 12 yeah and before every group meeting.
Cherrie lamparelli: You
Dawn Abriel: As I'm going to turn there.
Cherrie lamparelli: Hmm.
Dawn Abriel: And do you have any questions.
Cherrie lamparelli: No, so
Cherrie lamparelli: I want. Well, I do. Yes I do, but not not a big one. So when I first signed up and they asked me about all the medication. I was on
Cherrie lamparelli: So I told them the Adderall and this and that's what I need to find a doctor for and I swear, but don't I I'm not quite sure because
Cherrie lamparelli: There was just a lot of information and a lot of questions when i was i thought that they said that the doctors here would describe me all my medication, but then when I talked to the lady yesterday. She said, No, this is just for that one medication. So, um,
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, you're gonna have to find a psychiatrist, you're gonna end which is really, really, really hard to do in New Mexico. So start early start getting on the waiting list start calling places and and
Cherrie lamparelli: Well, that was what I was going to ask you, do you know anybody I could call
Dawn Abriel: I know one person in. Let me give you her name. Hold on a second, let me
Dawn Abriel: See if she's taking new patients. Her name is Lisa Elia say in the last name is F ee i ee R m a n
Dawn Abriel: And her phone number is 505-450-7626 she's in corral us so it might be a bit of a schlep but
Dawn Abriel: I mean, you could see it because they're just as a shortage, there's a shortage of so many specialists here in New Mexico.
Cherrie lamparelli: Okay, and the PCP can't write those
Dawn Abriel: Oh yeah PCP could, yeah, I got you really want to have a PCP.
Cherrie lamparelli: I just, I don't know. My sister is going to give me hers. So, because I don't know who to call. I mean, I
Cherrie lamparelli: I'm 46 years old and I've never lived out here. So at home, I would know all the doctors, you know, like who who's a good primary care doctor to have or or ob gyn but out here. I don't even know a doctor's name or street.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Cherrie lamparelli: This has been hard.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, you know, taking recommend is the hard thing is going to be. Are they taking new patients. So what I would say is look at your insurance and start with what your insurance recommends
Dawn Abriel: That. So the, you know, they're already taking your insurance.
Dawn Abriel: When go online, Google them and see how they're rated
Okay.
Cherrie lamparelli: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I'll tell you one of the best ways to find out the good Docs is to
Dawn Abriel: Find a nurse, a charge nurse in the hospital and say, Who do you go to
Dawn Abriel: A SISTER Hall, they've seen them all.
Cherrie lamparelli: Like this is a supervisor.
Dawn Abriel: Yep, that's the way you want. Whatever she recommends is much more likely to be a match a fit for you.
Cherrie lamparelli: Yeah, I just, you know, my family doesn't know about anything. So I try not to tell them about certain things.
Cherrie lamparelli: They've been out here for many years and I've been at home by myself with my kids. So I haven't said anything about this.
Cherrie lamparelli: As well. I have heard the word the medication.
Cherrie lamparelli: They know I need my medication, but they don't know what it is. Right.
Dawn Abriel: And one of the things that happens with addicts is they isolate
Cherrie lamparelli: And
Cherrie lamparelli: I that I do.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, and and
Dawn Abriel: That's that's hurting you.
Cherrie lamparelli: Haha, there's a lot of things that are hurting. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And that's why you're going to be in therapy and I will be surprised if you don't really, really, really, really like this therapist if you've been in therapy before
Dawn Abriel: You are going to see
Cherrie lamparelli: I didn't like my therapist before I
Dawn Abriel: Didn't oh
Dawn Abriel: Well, look, it's a very intimate relationship. And if you don't match this woman.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, you'll know after about three or four visits right you'll know if you click because there are other therapists, we've got like five different therapists in New Mexico. Now you can change. Don't hesitate. If you're not, if you're not clicking with this woman.
Dawn Abriel: I'd be surprised, but
Cherrie lamparelli: I had this one therapist that I didn't
Cherrie lamparelli: I kept seeing or because of an event that happened in my life. And she was driving me crazy like it always that I wasn't
Cherrie lamparelli: I don't know how to explain it, but she said like, because I had anger issues. And she's like, take a broom and hit a mattress with it. And then it was, she was just very weird and it just made me feel very uncomfortable and I didn't want to talk while I was there.
Cherrie lamparelli: So,
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Well, some people do have that as a way of coping with anger, she must have been a little older.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah yeah
Cherrie lamparelli: She worked for this US District Attorney's office.
Cherrie lamparelli: So,
Dawn Abriel: All right, well,
Dawn Abriel: I'll finish up my chart with you and your medicines already ordered so be sure and call them in a few minutes and say, Did the order come through.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and that you're going to pick it up and you're going to ask for them to count.
Cherrie lamparelli: Okay. Absolutely. I'm going to do that. So after I get off the phone with you though. I mean after here, I have to go to
Cherrie lamparelli: Have to go back into the virtual zoom and ask them to show me how to do the band and then fill out the ace.
Dawn Abriel: Yes, fill out the ace.
Cherrie lamparelli: Okay, or can I fill out the East before Tuesday, or do I have to do that now.
Dawn Abriel: And I would I would prefer that you do it as soon as possible.
Okay.
Cherrie lamparelli: Okay, so when is my next meeting. What you Tuesday.
Dawn Abriel: I mean today.
At noon.
Cherrie lamparelli: Right. But I mean this appointment like this.
Dawn Abriel: No, we don't. We, we don't have to unless something comes up unless you're having a medical problem that we need to do one on one will only meet during group.
Cherrie lamparelli: Oh, so I don't see you again like like this.
Dawn Abriel: Every Tuesday.
Cherrie lamparelli: Okay, I didn't know. Well, I figured, why would you want to meet with somebody on Sunday. So I didn't know if we were to meet every Sunday. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I try not to see people
Dawn Abriel: The weekend but
Dawn Abriel: It seems like you
Dawn Abriel: Needed your medicine so I
Dawn Abriel: Didn't want you suffering.
Cherrie lamparelli: Thank you very much.
Cherrie lamparelli: You're welcome.
Dawn Abriel: All right, you have a good rest of the
Cherrie lamparelli: Weekend, I can relax now thank you to you. Thank you, and I'll see you Tuesday.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Cherrie lamparelli: Real. Hi.
Cherrie lamparelli: Bye bye. All right. Thank you. Bye bye.
Dawn Abriel: Her next deployment will be Tuesday.
Dawn Abriel: Will be the fifth of May.
Dawn Abriel: And her diagnosis is opioid use disorder and nicotine dependence.
Dawn Abriel: If you fill in the bubbles and fill in the psych impression
Dawn Abriel: I think everything else is done. Thank you.